Hello, hello friends, today I am going to tell you
how to cancel your insurance.
In this very number, you can get
cancer from any torrent. Health
insurance of any car can cause cancer. So,
we have to go to customer support. So,
first let's go to CCR homeward
insurance cancellation. Here I
see an option, I will click on it.
You can write like this. If you have not written it here, if
you have any insurance, you will get cancer. So
how will you cancel it? I am going to
tell you this. So, let's know
how to cancel your insurance. So, we will go to customer support. By
clicking on it, such alarm
eboard.com will come up. Request to your
policy link. I have written a lot of it, but we will go to it.
See, when cancellation is written
here, you get this option. Old man, I have got it to
write it. Now we will meet. So
friends, here we get all these remember for
cancellation and police and many more,
you can go and cancel it by chatting on it,
but I will show you
how to do it. So, let's see how we will do it.  We
will do
that health checkup, you can clear any other B
Carnival man such trapezoidal thing,
but what I am going to tell you, if you do
not understand, you
can ask about depression, now we will take request
police, now you have to click on cancellation below,
see a new popup
window has opened, but request
complaint type and product name, now our
cancellation has come by default,
that is your mark, so you
can select cancellation here
and after this we will show you the
product name, select whatever product is there here,
whether it is health, home and
every person, restaurant, whatever is there
in the plot of sir, decorate it,
you select your health
box type request, this is to complain, so
you are requesting to
cancel my insurance, you have to click on
request each, click on next, so
now after we delete it, it is
saying one of our policy details, to
download you have to take the policy number in the file,
above it  If you will not get it, then
you will find its number in the message, wherever you have the
policy number, now you have to point
here and enter it, here you have to click on the policy number and
enter your policy number, after entering the
policy number, click on this side
in details, date of birth is
wrong, you can enter your cheque number, you
can enter another mobile number, to find out whether you have
given your cheque or
someone else's, you have to find out for that,
so let's enter our cheque number,
I am checking, so friends, enter your cheque
number, whatever you see, this number the
customer care will call you,
fill in the capture, how much is a quarter inch plus shooting, you will get
different numbers, so this is it, you have to have
another cup of tea, or
let's enter, click on undernourished,
this is loading,
after loading what we get is that your request
was successfully submitted for reproductive
hour shot leaf, that customer call will call,
so you say answer, cancel them, then you will
cancel the volume, so
your work will be done, so
friends, do not subscribe to the channel, do you have any
questions, if you want  If you want, then ask in the comments,
I will get your job done and will
answer every question.